# CHANGELOG

## v0.2.0

### Changed

- Update depencies to latest major versions.
- Update test suite to test python 3.9, 3.10, 3.11 environments.
- Depricate python 3.7, 3.8 environments.
- Update Worker to be compatible with rio_tiler 5.x.x, in particular such that
  array masks are PER_BAND.
- DaskManager.chunk_execute(compute=False) returns a List of Delayeds instead of
  a Generator.
- Remove automatic retries on worker.read() when rasterio raises a
  CPLE_AppDefinedError.

### Added

- Worker.read() takes an optional masked parameter, when set to False, ignores
  dataset mask.

### Fixed

- Fixed inconsistency in between the way cog_worker and rasterio.windows
  rounds bounding boxes to pixels and vice-verca, which would occasionally cause
  gaps in files generated by Manager.chunk_save().
- Fixed issue where Worker.lnglat_bounds() would fail inverse transforms for
  chunks >10000 px.
- Fixed distributed test suite to be compatible with current behavior of
  dask.distributed.

## v0.1.4 - 2021-11-29

### Changed

- Update to depend on rio_tiler v3 and morecantile v3

### Added

- Add parameter `compute=False` to have DaskManager return Delayed objects
  instead of computing immediately.

## v0.1.3 - 2021-10-02

### Fixed

- Fix tutorial notebooks
- Limit number of retries on CPLE_AppDefinedError failures on COG reads
- Fix inverted masks being written

## v0.1.2 - 2021-08-18

### Fixed

- Updated documentation to link to the right places.

## v0.1.1 - 2021-08-18

Initial release
